getting experience right and being
understand being able to understand how
the sexual Marketplace works there is no
evidence that having sex with a lot of
women translates into an ability to
understand women idea like hey get with
more women so you understand them is
because I just don't want men to deal
with the the horrors of the family court
now is it the best solution probably not
but I think it's a pragmatic one given
the the world that we're
now this is Michael Sal
guys Michael came to Islam four years
ago at our da table it was the best
decision of my life he did not know how
to pray Salah and he struggled a lot it
was very difficult and I struggled a lot
but he didn't want his daughter to go
through the same struggles when she
became a Muslim our Salah plus project
was launched years after Michael's
conversion even though he did not get
the opportunity to be taught how to pray
Salah he gifted his daughter the guided
prayer mat which taught her to learn how
to pray Salah for the first time ever
brothers and sisters we only need 100
people to give £800 £100 can help teach
10 to 30 people learn how to praise
Salah and memorize FAA for the first
time ever not only that these reverts
will be teaching their families their
wives their daughters and their sons to
learn how to praise Salah all because of
your donations the prophet Muhammad s.
wasam said when you die all your Deeds
come to an end except three ongoing
charity beneficial knowledge and a
righteous child who prays for you not
only is your donation an ongoing charity
but also an ongoing beneficial knowledge
click the link in the description below
and donate
now because I think you don't know your
impact is actually quite a significant
impact and uh I think that you you
actually made some very interesting
contributions you know especially what
now they call it the men's rights
movement or you know men's ISM and
something that and I think some of your
contributions frankly are are good uh
I've heard some of them I watched on
YouTube I wanted to start with this
question what do you guys think is a
high value man how do you define it go
first go ahead you good no go ah man no
I don't want to continue real quick I
gotta okay I want go further than
religion but it's fine go no I mean y
y'all can if you guys want after let's
do topic um so I mean this is a
subjective thing right for everyone it's
going to be different so I don't really
think there's a truly wrong or right
answer but what I will say is that it's
going to probably air on the side of
obviously a higher earner than average
um someone who has respect from other
individuals has a network of people that
are also on his level uh as far as
status whether it's Financial social Etc
um and he's some somebody that other
people want to essentially be like I
mean to put it bluntly is the guy that
other women want to be with and other
men want to be if I'm going to put it
very simply
what about you fresh what do you say
about this so the term high value the
word itself I get it um is using yeah we
hate using that term never we actually
never use that term ever I hate it but
it means something in the world today so
we use it spirly but I would say no no
I'm I'm I'm intrigued by it I'm not
necessarily I'm not throwing what you're
saying out the window fresh were you
going to say something no no no I was
going to just Define high value for me
go on go ahead please yeah so it just
meets a man that has worked on himself
um he's successful in his own right has
a network people around him that care
about him and respect him and at the
same time has values to the marketplace
for example maybe it could be singing it
could be for example his business it
could be for example his skill set uh to
the public whatever that may be makes
him high value in the eyes of other
people as a whole that's what I would
say would you say that um and this is a
question to both of you is this an
intrinsic classification or is it
extrinsic in a sense that if it's
intrinsic then for example like a like a
block of gold it has intrinsic value but
let's say for example that like you know
let's say a Tik tocker
yeah doing some kind of a video dancing
or something like that you couldn't say
that that has intrinsic value but its
value is dictated by the marketplace so
is your classification of a high value
man is it more intrinsic or extr in that
sense so I would say it's up to the
individual because I made a song high
value man funny song by the way um but
the term itself high value was used as a
cursor for precursor for wearing watches
and chains and having success cars and
girls but that was my opinion at the
time I what had value was um but as you
evolve you become more placed on
different different aspects of life and
maybe for you maybe just a Sit talker
that's on internet with a lot of views
so I think it's just up to the person or
individual what they decide for that to
be see I've got I've got a take on this
guys I I don't know what you guys think
of this
but hello no go go ahead yeah yeah yeah
sorry so I was gonna say look I I get
what you guys are saying especially when
you speak about men and women yeah but
here's here's my take on this I think
there's there's a kernel of Truth in
what you guys are saying but I think
it's mostly in the economic Marketplace
so for example here's what I would say
when you guys use the term high value
you're usually using it in terms of what
women would be attracted to I.E Vis A
something like hypergamy and there's
there's ample evidence um there's a quen
study like which I think is the most
ative that hypergamy is true like in the
sense that if a woman is given a choice
between a man with a like setus parabus
everything else remaining the same a man
who's a higher earner versus a lower
earner she's always going to go for the
higher earner in fact and that's that's
the truth likewise a lot of the stuff
about what you say about women women who
have less experience in a what you call
it body count or something like that
it's true that that's probably in the
market sexual market value value is
probably going to be less satus parabus
everything else remaining the same
however here's the thing that I would I
would think that is important to make a
distinguish you know to distinguish
between this is why I ask you the
question about like intrinsic versus
extrinsic because in this very strict
parameter of how other how the other or
the opposite gender sees that person for
marriage or long-term committal
relationship or even casual relationship
that this whole high value man has
weight This this term has weight but if
we're talking about intrinsically as
like for example remember I gave you the
example of the block of gold versus the
Tik Tok
video intrinsically a high value man has
always classically meant usually in
ethics for example all the way up to
Christian morality and Islamic morality
and Jewish morality most of the world's
cultures a a high value man or high
value woman has always been like a
virtuous man or a virtuous woman so
virtue dictates the value of someone in
on an intrinsic level virtue so what is
virtue like in the in the past even
before Christ you had a person called
Aristotle who died 323 BCE he wrote a
book called niakan ethics and he had
something called virtue ethics which
basically like he mentioned some of the
key virtues for human
beings the most important one for a man
that makes him high value opposite to a
woman and this is what I'm putting
forward in that Paradigm and also in the
Paradigm of Islam and Christianity I
would argue and Judaism is bravery I put
this way if you had the most rich man in
the world but he was a coward he'd not
be a high value man he would be a
disqualifier on an intrinsic level yes
he might be sought after it might be
sought after in terms of like women
might still want to be with him but they
don't really want to be with him because
of what he is or who he is they want to
be with him because of what he can offer
in other words they want to be with his
money really they want to have access to
his money so they're using him utility
value
yeah they're using him for his moneyy
because they're trying to access funds
that's what they're trying to do he's
basically an ATM machine and so what I
wanted to distinguish between is a high
value man on an intrinsic level who
exhibits things like Temperance
magnanimity forgiveness Mercy kindness
but most and chief most among which is
bravery because a man needs bravery more
than a woman to provide and
protect yeah so I would I would agree
with with that um but my thing is that's
why I was very cuz you only spoke about
it from the female lens like how women
deem uh the per like women deeming the
guy high value but what I'm saying is
that you you Garner the respect of other
men and a coward does not Garner the
respect of other men that's why it's
very important like when I look at this
term not to just look at it from the
lens of what females are attracted to
rather what do other men respect and
obviously cowardice is never respected
so yeah if someone coward then they
automatically are disqualified because
other men don't respect them they can
have all the money in the world but
they're coward so um I perspective with
virtue um but I'm I'm saying like you
know when you it's pretty much already
implied that you're a virtuous man and
that you're not a coward when other men
respect you because Men We tend to Value
other men based on their meritocracy and
that meritocracy is you know
encapsulated a bunch of different traits
are you honest are you a man of your
word are you um trustworthy um can I
trust you to get something done and get
it done when you say you're going to get
it done are you not are you uh willing
to stand up for not just yourself but
for other people that you love and uh
care about um so cowardice has never
been respected so I would say that F The
Virtue that um argument that you're
making which I agree with actually uh
falls into the other men respecting you
because that's what men respect is
meritocracy well I see what you're
saying but here's the thing so this it's
an interesting parameter but it's also
an economic one so for examp I agree
with what you said I think like other
men would respect another man with a lot
of money right they would never resp
respect a man who's a coward even if he
has a lot of money so here's the point I
think that a lot of the red pill stuff
like that um we get involved in and
stuff or the discussions that we have we
overemphasize how much money we have to
make in order to satisfy or to attract
other women and we underemphasize The
Virtue aspect of it and I'm not saying
that the money aspect of it is not
important I'm pretty sure that the money
aspect of it is is important especially
depending on how generous the man is
because if the man is not generous and
which is one of the virtues having a lot
of money is not a problem it doesn't
matter even the woman if she finds him
to be stingy and Wealthy that
combination will never work out because
she knows what he's trying to do so I
feel like maybe I don't know uh moving
forward with like fresh and fit and
stuff if we focus on The Virtue aspect
of things a little bit more because
we're I feel like the society is moving
on to a degenerate State bro I'm not
going to lie to you and
and that is fueled by heathenism and
capitalism and also this idea that now m
mamoor is the new God which is the god
of money the god of money is the new God
people are now chasing money and
heathenism and uh frivolous Pursuits
they think that for example R tomasi
wrote a book called the rational M right
you've had them on your show before I've
read the entire book cover to
cover and he mentions in this book that
you know you need to sleep with 50 women
or whatever it mentions whatever it may
be in order to achieve certain level so
you can really have the
experience yeah to be with woman I think
I've seen you fresh mentioned something
like that before because I watched a
video before with you guys and sneer
having a discussion
and fresh calls it spin not fresh excuse
me Rolo calls it spinning plates or
plate Theory I call it getting getting
experience right and being understand
being able to understand how the sexual
Marketplace Works um but yeah I mean
sorry you but on this point bro here's
what I would say yeah um there is no
evidence there is no evidence that
having sex with a lot of women
translates into an ability to understand
women in the context of a committed
relationship or or longevous
relationship there is no evidence of
that so in for for this is where the red
pill makes a lot of claims assertions
but they're not backed because the idea
is I feel like there's just ad hoc
justifications and rationalization for
heathenism which is effectively just
doing whatever you want whatever you
desire but really let's let's let us um
assess this claim the claim that if you
have sex with a lot of women that that's
going to lead to you knowing women more
and therefore having a stronger
relationship more longevous relationship
with some kind of woman but there's no
it doesn't seem to me that there's any
evidence to that affect because I I was
looking at some studies on casual sex
yeah and I was looking at there's like
five or six of them that have been done
and all of those studies they're first
of all they're mixed they're
contradictory funny enough some of them
say that yeah they harm women actually
most of them say they harm women casual
sex harm women that that is a consensus
psychological finding it harms men too A
lot of these studies but it some of them
say it harms men some some of them say
it doesn't harm men yeah there's no
study that says it helps them in
relationships do you know what I mean of
yeah of course not and they would never
run a study like that because it would
be considered unethical right and we
know that you know when they run these
studies they have to be politically
correct they got to get funding they
have to do it in a certain way to get
the blessing with what I will say
is um uh with the whole body sleeping
with women or whatever it may be it's
not necessarily to understand women
better it's to understand the women that
you don't want to necessarily be with
and I think that's half the game because
what ends up happening right in a
remember I mean you're you're in the UK
so you know this too I mean the UK is
going through this as well we live in a
very hypersexualized world where women
are more promiscuous than ever before so
my thing is right I look at it like and
I was just having a discussion with
Andrew he's a devout Orthodox Christian
and he saw my perspective on this too if
you're going to meet try to meet a woman
in the west where they are uh
promiscuous they don't necessarily
adhere to gender roles when it doesn't
benefit them they want a man that makes
money but they don't want to necessarily
submit Etc I think it's very important
for you as a man to identify these women
early on and not bring them into your
life because the the beauty of religion
right whether it's
Christianity Islam or Judaism is that it
basically had an institution of Shame
and it had what I call training wheels
to keep women honest with their man and
you know it pretty much shamed them for
not doing things that they were supposed
to do but these Training Wheels Are
effectively gone we live in a secular
world now um and unless you're a very
religious man and you're meeting a very
religious woman it's going to be very
difficult for you to find a woman that's
virtuous so my thing is I think if you
know and the other reason why I think
this is so important is because um when
you get married right luckily you know
in the in Islam you can't just go to a
go to a mosque go to Anam he'll marry
you boom done you don't got to worry
about the state being involved but most
people don't get married that way they
get married through the state and with
with the way the family courts are set
up with the way divorce is set up with
the way it's basically an entire
industry against men I look at it like
if you're going to go ahead and you want
to have a family one day which is the
nuclear family which is the backbone of
society um and you want to get married
you are taking on a tremendous amount of
risk and I don't want you to go in blind
however if you're getting married and
the state isn't involved and um there's
no severe consequences to you
financially um then sure go ahead and be
less sexually experience a me a woman
because at least you're not going to be
severely punished for it but my thing is
the reason why I even gave that idea
like hey get with more women so that you
understand them is because I just don't
want men to deal with the the whors of
the family court now is it the best
solution probably not but I think it's a
pragmatic one given the the world that
we're now so what here's the thing I
just want to know what the evidence is
so of for example having intercourse
with multiple women what benefit like
let's say 50 or 30 what what benefit are
you alleging that it has on the man what
benefit are you alleging it so that's a
that's a fair question every man has
different competence right so like one
some one guy might be able to hook up
with 10 girls and be like okay you know
what I get it like I've I I don't you
know it is what it is but another guy
you know might be incompetent might be
an idiot every everyone's you know level
of adaptation is different so I'm not
saying oh have a heart 50 and don't get
married it's like no if you find a girl
that's worthy that's fine um and I would
argue that like our podcast is like
we're able to kind of fast line it where
you know remember this information
hasn't been out for very long so people
are kind of learning now through us
talking about it on our platform Etc so
they might not necessarily have to even
hit 50 because they're learning from our
mistakes you know the Chinese but what
if they do get 50 what's what's the
benefit of that what do they get from
that well hopefully depending on the
individual they are able to identify
women that are worthy versus ones that
aren't in in a sexual
capacity well I'm also assuming that
this person would be seeing this woman
if they're just looking to have sex then
obviously it's just going to it's going
to be a waste but I'm talking about uh
you know you're obviously courting this
woman you're hanging out with this woman
Etc you're seeing her look my my friend
had your book uh I was trying to look
for it myself it's called oh
nice I was trying to find something and
actually I was flicking through it right
before I spoke to you and I like the
like you know the uh the the statistics
you have on here one of them that you
had on here was uh for example that a
man will will spend 30 hours or
something like this doing 30 hours doing
um speed dating online in order to just
get one date 1.46 date in a in a in the
year or something like that now what I'm
saying is that to get 50 women look you
know it's a numbers game and I know it's
a numbers game yeah the feasibility the
amount of man hours that you're going to
need to put in to have intercourse with
50 women that are not prostitutes
according to your statistics that you
mentioned right the amount of man hours
we're talking about like if he's going
to use Tinder or some kind of an app and
according to these stats he's going to
need to do a lot of that right and the
and the question of benefit here is an
important one obviously from a religious
standpoint Muslims Christians and Jews
all agree that sex shouldn't even be
done outside of marriage now it is still
possible to marry 50 women I mean I'm
not saying you cannot marry and divorce
50 women it's a possibility but I'm not
necessarily
saying um that one should do that of
course we wouldn't agree with that on
one should do that the point I'm trying
to get at is that there isn't actually
any good evidence that having
intercourse with that many women would
make would give you a kind of benefit in
the relationship in fact you could you
could argue for the opposite because if
you if if you get sex very easily going
back to the idea of uh virtue then you
can be less restrained in your sexual
appetites and this is something that in
virtue ethics is referred to as
Temperance so if you're less restrained
you don't have as much um you don't have
as much restraint for example you don't
have self-control and if you don't have
willpower and self-control in one area
you're less likely to have it in other
areas and I've read that in a book
called willpower funny enough by Roy Bas
very fantastic book I recommend it but
he mentioned the point that if you have
willpower in one area for example he
mentioned fasting religious fasting as
an example Roy B Meister uh if you have
willpower and discipline in one area
it's transferable to other areas the
idea of getting 50 women having sex with
them which is difficult anyway according
to these stats because just cuz you're
dating a woman it doesn't mean you're
going to have sex with her as you know
like for the average person you guys
might not be the average person because
you know from a status perspective you
guys have got you know big Channel good
money coming in the guy's wearing a nice
Rolex red face I like it fresh uh and
you're wearing a nice watch as well you
know you guys are well put together
thank you bro thank you bro so not
everyone is fresh and not everyone's
myON gains yeah and so it's not going to
be easy to get sex like that so for them
to put 30 hours 50 hours to get one a
date
and then after that to get like a
hundred of those maybe 30 I don't know
how many what the numbers would be
conversion rate Five dates to one woman
having sex maybe I don't know is that my
you know more about keep in mind keep in
mind right because people tend to um
criticize my uh you know my idea that
you should have sex with 50 women but
there's a bunch of other things I tell
guys to have in place as well they
should make a certain amount of money 35
years old be in shape um they need to
have a bunch of things in line so that
they can be in a position and the reason
why I say this like so here's it here
this is what it is yeah make 100 six
figures a year or more have six months
or a year of savings be in shape um 50
women and then be 35 years old the
reason why I say have these five things
in place is because most women right
will look at you as a higher status more
attractive male which in will inevitably
put her and her feminine put you in your
masculine so the relationship ends up uh
actually working because we all know
what happens when you deal with a
rambunctious woman now that mean that if
person reaches 10 bodies 20 bodies 30 40
um and he has other things in place oh
no sorry baby I can't commit to you
because I I need to hit 50 no and like I
said before with our podcast we might be
able to curve it where they don't need
to necessarily hit that number but I'm
speaking from a general perspective for
most people and then also with the as
far as the book goes with the uh the
dating stuff um this is why I'm such a
big proponent of not relying on online
dating I tell people meet people meet
girls through your friends meet girls
when you're out uh meet them out in real
life use Instagram we have multiple
different um ways that you need to go
ahead and Source women now with that
said of course if you're religious then
this might not necessarily apply to you
because you're um you're going against
your religious beliefs but my thing is
this if you're a religious guy right and
you can't do this that's totally fine
the only thing I ask is I want them to
make sure that they don't get married
with the state you don't need to hit
this body count number if you're getting
married and it's just religious strictly
I see I see look a lot of what you said
there I lot of what you said there is
very reasonable I don't think it's wrong
for a man to Aspire uh to make a certain
money like a certain amount of money I
don't think it's wrong for them to put
themselves in the I think it's actually
quite praiseworthy frankly you know
there's nothing wrong with that my only
issue is that the reason why I mentioned
the 50 body count thing is because I
this is my analysis bro and you could
tell me what you think we're living in a
a Time historians refer to as Pax
Americana yeah it's a time where America
is a superpower and as a result Western
countries have not had to have wars
where they themselves are in danger in
the the ways that they had in the past
okay it's more like incursions or
invasions or whatever it may be as a
result we in the west are living in a
state of relative ease and comfort
Arthur schopenhauer a famous philosopher
he said that uh human beings or
humankind mankind vacillates
between uh extreme boredom and extreme
fear okay I think now we're living in an
age of extreme boredom because we're not
fearing that someone's going to kill us
yeah in a in a war context as a result
we are missing what most cultures in the
past refer to as rights of Passage for
men this is where the masculinity crisis
comes in because before a man could
prove that he is a man by stepping on
the battlefield now that that kind of um
opportunity is no longer afforded to us
on the same kind of level and as a
result we have invented rights of
Passage for men so that they can feel
like they have gone through a certain
process and now they're men and what I
see with the red pill movement is that
they've invented arbitrary and ad hoc
rights of Passage which actually feed
more into hedonistic liberal thinking
than anything else which they're scanty
to no evidence that will improve them as
an individual virtuously or otherwise
the like of which we've just mentioned
the 50 body count thing which I know
comes from the rational male cuz that
was the first place I read it I don't
know if you got it from there as well so
the point is is he just calls it plate
Theory um yeah I mean what I'm saying to
you is in the the time it would take you
to find non prostitutes that are 50 in
number that you can have sex with in the
west you can spend making money for
yourself you can spend working on
yourself you can you can spend improving
your bravery you improving your your
proficiency your strength cuz the thing
is I feel like there's an underlying
assumption with the red pill movement
yeah and the Assumption almost is is
that we should live our lives to make
ourselves most marketable for women and
I feel like that in in irony that's not
true that's not what we that's no so I
always you go to and I talked about that
in the book too is I want the guy to be
the best version of himself and then the
women are a byproduct of it and like I'm
very explicit about that in the book
that like hey I don't want guys running
around chasing women spending a bunch of
time and money and resources on women
that don't necessarily want them because
what'll end up happening is what you
mentioned before he'll be looked at as
utility so I want the guy to develop
these characteristics um of obviously
sticking to his work having these
masculine traits being a leader being
being assertive going out there and
conquering the world and becoming
successful becoming a catch then the
women are byproduct because whenever
guys go ahead and chase women a lot of
problems arise so I I tell guys focus on
yourself first and then the pursuit of
women could come after that's why I said
years old okay it's good that you
cleared that up yeah it's fantastic so
now my question is if they're focusing
on themselves why are they doing it are
they doing it is is there a purpose in
life which is an objective purpose in
life that they uh are striving towards
or they're just doing it for another
reason so what's the reason that they're
doing all these things that's a
fantastic question so right if you if I
give you a gun right you can either
choose to use it as a tool to hunt to
eat or you can use it to commit crimes
right but I'm giving you the tool and
then it's up to you how you want to use
it that's exactly what this knowledge is
some guys are going to use it to find
their wife be able to you know filter
out the wom that the women that are
worth versus the women that aren't
worthy and they're able to use a skill
set to their advantage building a
nuclear family other guys are going to
use it for more hedonistic things that
you disagree with which I I see your
perspective on that but my thing is I
want to at least equip them with the
tools so that they can decide what they
want to do with their life because my
fear is I don't want them to get in a
situation where the woman is dictating
everything because the guy is aloof and
not aware of what's going on and I think
that aspect of it is is probably where
you Excel the best and most because that
aspect of it appeals to something deep
within every single man which is the
ambitious drive to become better and so
long as we're these things are very
important that we're clarifying that
we're not doing this because of any
woman and you know like I'm not sure if
you've come across these archetypes you
know the alpha male the sigma male and
the beta male archetypes you've seen
them online and the differences between
them you see the sigma male archetype
usually has what you're talking about he
doesn't really care about what the woman
uh is doing or saying or thinking
whereas the alpha male it's more his you
know he he is a status figure and as a
result the woman coming towards him and
and so on so the this here what I'm
trying to Advocate is more in line with
that Sigma male archetype rather than
the alpha male or beta male archetype
but what I wanted to add as well is that
the thing with red pill bro is there's
there's a few elusive but important
things in the manual of red pill which I
think you need to be aware of so for
example if you look at um Ro tomasi's
book he mentions that this is not an
ideology but this is a prology I don't
know if you've come across this
terminology yeah yeah and and then he
proceeds in the end of his book to
writing down what he talks about as um
eight laws or I think 12 law iron laws
right yes yeah now I know they're
suggestive they're not uh prescriptive
from one angle they're not they're not
obligatory you don't have to do them the
50 rule the vasectomy that he talks
about all those kind of things which are
arbitrary in my opinion and there's
scanty evidence for their benefit like
I've said before right but the vasectomy
the the lack of family don't get married
you know these kinds of things that he
talks about don't get married and you
know the the iron laws and how many
people you have to have sex with and all
that kind of thing but in for marriage
he just doesn't Advocate with how we do
it today with with the state being
involved yeah yeah yeah and and I I
totally totally sympathize with that
Viewpoint especially with the woman
taking half of your wealth we would
consider that to be a grand Injustice
anyway yeah and and a lot of the things
about how a woman can withhold a
children children I tot and that's where
I agree with red pill that's totally
where I agree with them I think that's
where the strongest arguments lie yeah
however I'm going back to the point that
there's something quite elusive about
this situation because it's and when
something becomes ideological when does
something become ideological it becomes
ideological when it becomes what you
call teleological when it becomes
prescriptive to some extent and
something can become prescriptive to
some extent even if someone's making
suggestions and giving advice I feel I
feel like Rolo tamasi doesn't understand
this point cuz I saw his discussion with
you and sneo and and Destiny and
although I don't like the L person I
just mentioned Destiny there I don't
like him I feel like he's a weasel of
man I don't think he's even a man I
actually don't think he's a a man let
alone a high value man he's not even a
man him Ben shapir and all these other
people that were mentioning that
discussion they're not even men they
don't even meet the threshold of men uh
but putting that to the side what what
I'm saying is that the red pill ideology
is prescriptive and therefore it meets
the threshold of ideological and so the
Quran asks a
question do they have partners with God
that have legislated that which he has
not permitted When someone tells me to
do something or not to do something the
question is from what greater Authority
you coming with this information and
people like r tamasi with all due
respect to him because he is a clever
guy and he's respectable and I've seen
his book and some of the stuff I totally
agree with him on it but what Authority
do you have to give me iron laws or any
kind of laws do you know what I'm trying
to say like I showed a picture of him to
some of the guys some of the MMA
fighters I don't want to mention who
they are him with his hat and his
ponytail and this kind of thing and they
looked at him said this is a guy who's
written a book tell me what you think
the first thing they said to is this is
not the guy that's going to tell me how
to be a
man with all du respect him no no no I
mean you know if you want I can
absolutely facilitate you guys having a
discussion I think it'd be a great
discussion but you know I can't speak to
his views I mean me and him agree on a
lot of things um I don't have that you
know I don't have the N iron rules like
he does uh but I'd be happy to you know
facilitate this that discussion if you
want to talk about that I mean yeah
debate wise I'm open to speak to anybody
but the point I'm making to you is going
back to the point that we in the west we
have these rights of Passage that we
think we have to go through in order to
be men but the truth is the rights of
Passage that you have to go through in
order to be men is increasing and
bettering all those virtues which are
seen by cross-culturally cross religions
Christians Muslims Jews everyone can
agree all those things are good things
like for example being brave Temperance
for example having magnanimity for
example having forgiveness for example
being loving for example not being full
hearty for example not being cowardly
for example and so on and so forth do
you get what trying to say so if someone
works on those things increases their
knowledge and from our perspective as
Muslims has Faith that's when they
attain a high value man status that's
what it is so the high value man for us
is it is the virtuous man if The
Virtuous if the person cannot reach if
it's a coward it doesn't matter how much
money is I don't care if Bezos or musk
if if musk one day is walking in the
street Elon Musk and he's with his kid
or is with his wife yeah and someone
slaps his wife or shouts at his wife or
spits on his wife and he cannot
intervene and defend in a proper manner
or at least tries to defend her I don't
care how much money he's got how many
platform he owns how many companies he's
got he he doesn't even meet the
threshold of man anymore he's not even a
man anymore let alone high value man it
doesn't matter how much money you've got
that's on an intrinsic level yes he's
always going to have women that going to
want him but they're not going to want
him for him they're going to want him
for what he has he is a walking ATM
machine he would be do you get what I'm
trying to say so that's where I feel
like the emphasis should uh be also so
here's the thing so um and and I don't
blame you for this a lot of people don't
know this stuff but we do daytime shows
right similar to this one that we're
doing right now where um obviously
you're a special guest so we're not
doing it today but on Mondays we talk
about how to earn money right and
obviously earning with becoming
successful earning money you have to
have certain characteristics of being
disciplined exercising Temperance being
uh dedicated Etc and putting off
Hedonism a lot of the times to become
successful on Wednesdays we talk about
how to properly date and vet women and
then on Fridays we answer questions we
tell guys that they need to get in shape
Etc so unfortunately right and this is
kind of one of the things me being very
open here about our podcast our daytime
shows don't get as much views and clips
and virality because oh I see I see it
putting yeah I'm saying like no one
Clips when I yell at men and tell them
to stop being [__] no one Clips when
I tell them to you know honor your guys
near you and have a good circle of men
and be good to those men they never clip
that stuff because no one no one that's
not exciting they want to see us dunk on
random bimbos on after hours and that's
where people go that's the issue but
they never get to see the other side
where we talk about I've been very
adamant about loyalty I mean one of the
biggest criticisms I get is people say
oh you're loyal to a fault you you you
support um you know people all the time
like uh you know they gave me so much
criticism for standing by Andrew when he
was going through that [__] with
with the thing but to me it's second
nature because that's just a masculine
trait where if you're my friend I don't
give a [__] what anyone says about you I
know that you're innocent and I'm going
to defend you regardless of whether it's
popular or not um so but obviously you
know these these things that we talk
about never get highlighted
unfortunately what gets highlighted Is
Us on bimos and they assume that that's
all we talk about but uh we do really
focus on trying to get guys to
self-improve and have these virtuous um
traits that you're talking about not
being coward sticking to your word not
being a backbiter standing by your
friends when they need you because that
is something to agree with you that is
lost in the West in general it's
something that's lost in gen Z
especially where for them it's all about
making content and going viral and you
know there's no there's no honor almost
in in today yeah so I agree with you on
that it's just that unfortunately that
doesn't get pushed in the algorithm as
much they always clip our other stuff
our more degenerative content gets
clipped which is
unfortunate yeah that is that is that is
the truth that is the truth I can see
you I can see what you're saying my name
is Michael I came to Islam 4 years ago I
had to learn how to pray myself as I had
no one to teach me how to pray Salah
when the Salah plus project was launched
I got my daughter a free guided prayer
map and I taught her how to pray for the
first time and helped her memorize Surah
fat there are thousands of like Michael
around the world who want to learn how
to pray Salah but there is no one to
help them what if I told you that by
supporting our charity you can help
teach new Muslims like Michael to not
only learn how to pray Salah but to
teach their kids and their family
members to pray Salah thanks to your
donations brothers and sisters we only
need 100 people to give £100 £100 can
help teach 10 to 30 people learn how to
praise Salah and memorize Al fa for the
first time ever not only that these
reverts will be teaching their families
their wives their daughters and their
sons to learn how to praise Salah all
because of your donations the prophet
Muhammad s. wasam said when you die all
your Deeds come to an end except three
ongoing charity beneficial knowledge and
a righteous child who prays for you not
only is your donation an ongoing charity
but also an ongoing beneficial knowledge
click the link in the description below
and donate
[Music]
now